but
[Music]
the detailed description of what happened
the night of the crime to karina of the well is
terrifying before the great rye
house of the night host juan
pabló there were vodka rum tobacco and marijuana
what happened from one of the
20 early Wednesday is what
not everyone agrees pineapple david
example says that approximately
they left their friend's apartment in
the big rye at 1 and 30 of the
Early morning and after that no
remember nothing of what happened says no
I remember well who got me out of the
truck I'm not sure after that
They left me at my house and the next day I
I was with my mom from 6 o'clock
the morning notwithstanding this version
contrasts with that of his companions the
early morning of 20
Manuel Salazar owner of the
truck ensures that on the way
towards the zone of jan or chico david
I tried to touch Karina but she
I had bothered to get to this place
desolate in plain boy karina tried
escape but pineapple would have followed him to
consummate the crime according to salazar aviña
voted
and he began to hang him and with his arm in
Karina's neck got up and made her
to the side of the neck as if to break it
then David came up with a rattan and
he started hitting the rock in his head
but salazar recognizes that he did not move from
this place says that after the crime
David moved the corpse inside and
then he got in my car and we
we move to the houses this version is
similar to the third involved jose
Seville was the co-pilot in the
truck and also relates that pineapple was going
harassing karina david pineapple started to
touch chain well and she did not want
I said loose I started to listen
screams then I entered gustavo salazar and
david pineapple said matemos disgusts
you climbed on top of karina and
began to hang according to seville david
pineapple continued with the massacre then
they left the place after leaving their
victim in the bankrupt three versions
with coincidences for example that there was
marijuana and drink at night were
four the last occupants of the
Van
Karina stayed with the three
Karina's death was brutal and as
result of the pineapple versions no
remember nothing
manuel salazar accuses david pineapple
crime josé sevilla accuses salazar and
pineapple of this crime
[Music]